Open to scoops on music, video games, pop culture, and tech.. But, as if Nvidia was out to prove everyone wrong, the company's last earnings release showed that not only was it still selling the Hopper processors, it was selling of them and would in the near future. question more continue to do so Which brings us to the Nvidia GTC. Worry about supply. , ladies and gentlemen, is the future tech companies had hoped for when they began aggressively hiring during the worldwide pandemic only to find demand normalizing once the world opened up. Because face it, the $40,000 H100 chips aren't for everyday consumers — they're for the faceless corporations that can dish out the billions needed to train large language models. And therein lies Nvidia's success. You see, just a day after the GTC began, Jensen Huang held a with investors to tell them the company was poised to win a large chunk of the $250 billion corporations spend on building and maintaining data centers every year given the variety of hardware and software Nvidia has on offer. But as an offshoot of all the research it did in producing better and better graphic cards, it ended up creating tensor cores for real-time deep learning image enhancement and upscaling technologies for use in video games. And if Nvidia shareholders don't care about the gamers, then Nvidia doesn't care about the gamers. should Some may call it the ' ', but I'll call it what it is: the death knell of Nvidia's days as a gaming-focused company. I don't know. So laser-focused is the chief executive on monopolizing his company's success in AI, that he has decided to do the unthinkable: hire its competitor's staff and hand them the reins of a newly launched division focused primarily on artificial intelligence. So what does Inflection AI get in return? A whopping , apparently, and the prestige of working with Microsoft. $650 million That's a lot of money to pay to get your competitor out of the way keep OpenAI, and by extension, Sam Altman, , but as the world's most valuable company right now, Microsoft can probably get away with just about anything. electric car In perhaps what is a period of realignment for , the company has on building its own smartwatch displays due to the cost and complexity involved. Apple pulled the plug The microLED displays were due to be introduced in a future version of the Apple Watch and were part of a push to lower the company's reliance on partners, but it seems the company is no longer planning to design and develop that technology in house, maybe focusing instead on the newly launched (and confusingly reviewed) Apple Vision Pro(s). As with the electric car, the decision to pull the plug will result in the elimination of job roles at the company. Cyera is raising up to $300M on a $1.5B valuation to secure it — via TechCrunch 3 ways Apple’s monopoly lawsuit could change the iPhone experience for fans — via CNN Musk's X Corp loses lawsuit against hate speech watchdog — via Reuters Meta's broad-brush ban on Islamic term harmed free speech, board rules — via Axios Adam Neumann makes a $500 million bid for WeWork that could hit $900 million if financing and diligence firm up — via CNBC And that's a wrap! Don't forget to share this newsletter with your family and friends! To see how the rankings have changed, please visit HackerNoon's page.